The course has been interesting since the first week. When we read "Introduction and Vehicles 1-3 in Vehicles" by Braitenberg gave me a different outlook towards vehicles. I did not think that we could categories these non-living robots as animals or insects. Although the class is mainly concerned with the ethical questions about robots, but the coding assignments were the best for me. We were given the freedom to make our own ecosystem. It was so interesting as everyone had a different concept and a different way of implementing it. We had to develop a set of rules for simulating the real-world behavior of a creature, such as a nervous fly, swimming fish, hopping bunny, slithering snake, etc. Give the creature a personality through its behavior and not through its visual design. 

The most captivating thing about the class is how we get the chance of becoming professor once and lead the discussion. Although, this gives the student the platform who are shy or are not able to participate in class a motive to get their partcipation grade. I feel this kind of technique is important that everyone participate in reading closely, analyzing critically, discussing critically, and questioning each other. There are no right or wrong answers, however by what we discuss in class we can be a little prepared for the future. There are instances where a student provides with a different outlook of things which one must have not thought of while reading. So this kind of discussion is very engaging and helps the students to learn actively. 

In addition, I am a huge supporter of the presentations. I love that we each have the freedom of choosing our own topic on which we can research and present in class. The presentation is a combination of information, analytics, and insightful questions. As I said earlier the student is able to be professor and conduct the class accordingly. It is a good move by the professor as he watches us teach and also actively participates in the discussions as the student. 
